Update release-3.25.md (#2611)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2021/release-3.25.md

  - description: "When previewing a campaign spec, changesets can be filtered by current state or the action(s) to be performed."
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16960
    category: Campaigns

>   - description: "Syncing Perforce depots directly via Sourcegraph UI is supported behind the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`, for more information, see [how to add your Perforce depots](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - description: "Syncing Perforce depots directly via Sourcegraph UI is supported behind the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`. For more information, see [how to add your Perforce depots](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce)."
```

Reviewer: @abschu small suggestion to break this into two sentences.

Reviewer 2: An alternate suggestion (made the same suggestion to the changelog PR):

```suggestion
  - description: "Experimental: Sync Perforce depots directly through the Sourcegraph UI. To enable, use the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`. For more information, see <a href=\"https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce\">how to add your Perforce depots."
```
